readme.md, before:

# Data_Tool
## Intro

This is a project that I've thought about for quite sometime now. In sometime, I mean years! Basically,
I want to create a simple tool like Tableau or DOMO that will allow me to analyze 
simple CSV files. The basic functionality would be that you load a csv file and then can 
look the data through some basic data visualizations. 



# Getting started
### Installing

1. Clone the repo
2. Run [sudo] pip3 install or pip3 install flask
3. Run python3 app.py to run the application
4. Visit localhost:5000 to see the application
5. Please note that these instructions only follow the Python side of this application.


### Technology Stack

1. Flask-0.12
2. Python-3.4
3. Pandas-0.18.1
4. Numpy-1.11.0
5. Vue.JS-2

### Operation

Once the program is downloaded, simply run the program as you would any other python program.
Then follow the address, which your console/terminal tells you to go to see the
website. Again, please do not forget to ensure that you have vue CLI installed
as well as npm.

# Issues / Other

None at this time.

# Preview

To see a video that talks about this project please go here: COMING SOON

Commit message:

added more to readme file

readme.md, after:

# Data_Tool
## Intro

This is a project that I've thought about for quite sometime now. In sometime, I mean years! Basically,
I want to create a simple tool like Tableau or DOMO that will allow me to analyze 
simple CSV files. The basic functionality would be that you load a csv file and then can 
look the data through some basic data visualizations. 

I will say that I'm not sure if I'll ever finish this project. There may be parts that I can't 
figure out how to build. I may also continually be adding more and more parts to it as to 
build a fairly robust data tool. We'll see where this goes and let's start the adventure...

# Getting started
### Installing

1. Clone the repo
2. Run [sudo] pip3 install or pip3 install flask
3. Run python3 app.py to run the application
4. Visit localhost:5000 to see the application
5. Please note that these instructions only follow the Python side of this application.


### Technology Stack

1. Flask-0.12
2. Python-3.4
3. Pandas-0.18.1
4. Numpy-1.11.0
5. Vue.JS-2

### Operation

Once the program is downloaded, simply run the program as you would any other python program.
Then follow the address, which your console/terminal tells you to go to see the
website. Again, please do not forget to ensure that you have vue CLI installed
as well as npm.

# Issues / Other

None at this time.

# Preview

To see a video that talks about this project please go here: COMING SOON
